NetQuest OMX Pack + Integration (#37319)
demisto/content: Packs/NetQuestOMX/Integrations/NetQuestOMX/README.md

NetQuest’s products are high-capacity service nodes that help security teams access and analyze network traffic. Powerful packet & flow processing features assist security tools in detecting and mitigating security threats as cost effectively as possible.

> This integration was integrated and tested with version 3.7.5a of NetQuestOMX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration was integrated and tested with version 3.7.5a of NetQuest OMX.
```

> ## Configure NetQuestOMX in Cortex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure NetQuest OMX in Cortex
```

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Server URL | The IP of the device, formatted as https://X.X.X.X | True |
| Username |  | True |
| Password |  | True |
| Slot number |  | True |
| Port number |  | True |
| Fetch Events | Whether to collect events. | False |
| Statistic types to fetch |  | True |
| Use system proxy settings |  | False |
| Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |

## Commands

You can execute these commands from the CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### netquest-address-list-upload

***

> Address List-Upload - uploads a .txt file with address list to the appliance. The appliance temporarily stores the file until it is saved to the Library and replaces any previously loaded list file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploads a .txt file with the address list to the appliance. The appliance temporarily stores the file until it is saved to the Library and replaces any previously loaded list file.
```

#### Base Command

`netquest-address-list-upload`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| entry_id | The entry ID of the file to upload. | Required | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### netquest-address-list-optimize

***

> Optimize Updated Address List - If the traffic elements are IP addresses, the integration should optimize the list by compressing IP addresses into CIDR groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimize the updated address list. If the traffic elements are IP addresses, the integration will optimize the list by compressing IP addresses into CIDR groups.
```

#### Base Command

`netquest-address-list-optimize`

#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NetQuest.AddressList.OverlappingAddresses | list | Overlapping Addresses. | 
| NetQuest.AddressList.OverlapsPresent | boolean | OverlapsPresent. | 
| NetQuest.AddressList.MergedAddresses | list | MergedAddresses. | 
| NetQuest.AddressList.MergesPresent | boolean | MergesPresent. | 
| NetQuest.AddressList.CountsBefore | Dictionary | CountsBefore. | 

> | NetQuest.AddressList.CountsAfter | Dictionary | CountsAfter. | 

Reviewer: Need better descriptions for these outputs.

### netquest-address-list-create

***

> This replaces the old list entity and overrides it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new address list.  This list will replace and override the old list entity.
```

> | NetQuest.AddressList.MergedAddresses | list | A list contains consolidated IP address ranges, combining overlapping or contiguous addresses into a unified set. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NetQuest.AddressList.MergedAddresses | list | A list that contains consolidated IP address ranges, combining overlapping or contiguous addresses into a unified set. | 
```

#### Base Command

`netquest-address-list-create`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | name | What to name the new address list. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name | The name for the new address list. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### netquest-address-list-rename

***

> This is only meant to change the name of the list. Nothing else. If we try to give as a new_name, an existing list name, it will fail and we’ll get an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename an address list. This is only meant to change the name of the list. If you try to give the value of the new_name argument to an existing address list, the command will fail.
```

> This command creates a new address list.  This list will replace and override the old list entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new address list.  This list will replace and override the old list entity.
```

#### Base Command

`netquest-address-list-rename`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| new_name | The new name for an existing address list. | Required | 

> | existing_name | The existing list name of the address list that we want to modify. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| existing_name | The name of the address list that you want to modify. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### netquest-address-list-delete

***

> This command deletes the list by the given address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the address list of the name provided.
```

> This command renames an address list. This is only meant to change the name of the list. If you try to give the value of the new_name argument to an existing address list, the command will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renames an address list. This is only meant to change the name of the list. If you try to give the value of the new_name argument to an existing address list, the command will fail.
```

#### Base Command

`netquest-address-list-delete`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| name | The name of the address list to delete. | Required | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### get-events

***

> Gets events from NetQuestOMX. Actually each event is a report for the suitable type. Only for XSIAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets events from NetQuest OMX. Each event is a report for the specified statistic type. Only for Cortex XSIAM.
```

> This command deletes the address list of the name provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes the address list of the name provided.
```

> This command gets events from NetQuest OMX. Each event is a report for the specified statistic type. Available only for Cortex XSIAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets events from NetQuest OMX. Each event is a report for the specified statistic type. Available only for Cortex XSIAM.
```
